maintenance of a sewing machine okay
well the first suggestion I have is you
pull out your manual but obviously
you're watching a video so I'm not going
to encourage anyone to actually read or
anything like that now the second thing
as if you follow the first would be to
just go ahead and unplug your sewing
machine before you do any kind of
maintenance on it
there's daily maintenance like the first
thing you're going to notice if you're
working with fuzzy fabrics you are
probably going to want to clean out the
lint from the bottom of your sewing
machine we're open like daily I
sometimes have to do it like every two
hours if I'm working when my my stuff a
lot so here's the tool you can use the
lint brush that usually comes with your
sewing machine and there's couple
different kind toothbrush works fine but
it's hard to get into those little tiny
corners and there's also any sort of
things like plastics grisly thing
and I imagine this netting thing you can
find somewhere around from some kind of
fruit basket or something or other along
those lines or toys or something like
that you can make your own so those are
the tools and we're going to go about
just getting down in the bottom and it's
good to get around the back of the
bobbin all those hard-to-reach places
because that lint really piles up and it
takes the oil out of your sewing machine
this is something that I would do daily
the next thing that is a common thing to
check on is oiling your machine there's
a little hole usually located at the top
of your machine it looks different on
different machines and you have to use a
special clear white oil and you only
have to oil it about once a year it
depends of course how much you use your
machine there's other things like
replacing the belts on your machine the
rubber might wear out and I'll get into
tension and settings for your machine
next time okay
bye bye